Improve documentation (#31)
hellofresh/kangal: README.md

 If you prefer to use Postman you can also import [openapi.json](openapi.json) file into Postman to create a new collection.

### Kangal Controller
The component is responsible for managing all the aspects of the performance testing process.

## Quickstart guide
This tutorial will guide through Kangal installation process and usage.

### Installing using helm
First, let's create the Custom Resource Definition by running:

```shell
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hellofresh/kangal/master/charts/kangal/crd.yaml
```

Now, install the chart using following commands:

```shell
$ helm repo add kangal https://hellofresh.github.io/kangal

> $ helm install --set environment=dev kangal kangal/kangal

Reviewer: pls also provide helm2 install command

 If you prefer to use Postman you can also import [openapi.json](openapi.json) file into Postman to create a new collection.

### Kangal Controller

> Component responsible to manage all the aspects of the performance testing process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The component is responsible for managing all the aspects of the performance testing process.
```

## Quickstart guide
This tutorial will guide through Kangal installation process and usage.

### Installing using helm
First, let's create the Custom Resource Definition by running:

```shell
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hellofresh/kangal/master/charts/kangal/crd.yaml
```

Now, install the chart using following commands:

```shell
$ helm repo add kangal https://hellofresh.github.io/kangal
$ helm install --set environment=dev kangal kangal/kangal
```

That's it, Kangal should be installed, check if is all correct by running:

```shell
$ kubectl get pods
NAME                                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kangal-controller-588677b854-r9qcs   1/1     Running   0          44s
kangal-openapi-ui-7c5dd8997c-jj4mk   1/1     Running   0          44s
kangal-openapi-ui-7c5dd8997c-vgm8c   1/1     Running   0          44s
kangal-proxy-7d95c9d65-6t44b         1/1     Running   0          44s

> kangal-proxy-7d95c9d65-75dv4         1/1     Running   0          44s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kangal-proxy-7d95c9d65-75dv4         1/1     Running   0          44s

$ kubectl get crd
NAME                                          CREATED AT
loadtests.kangal.hellofresh.com               2019-11-15T10:59:05Z
```

```

For more information about the Helm Chart check [charts/kangal/README.md](charts/kangal/README.md).

### Creating first LoadTest

> To run an LoadTest you first need to find Kangal proxy endpoint, use this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run a LoadTest you first need to find Kangal proxy endpoint. Use this command:
```

```shell
$ kubectl get ingress
NAME                HOSTS                  ADDRESS     PORTS   AGE
kangal-openapi-ui   kangal-openapi.local   localhost   80      5m48s
kangal-proxy        kangal-proxy.local     localhost   80      5m48s
```

> > This is assuming you have a proper configured [Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/), if is not the case you can use [Port Forwarding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/port-forward-access-application-cluster/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This is assuming you have a properly configured [Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/). If it is not the case you can use [Port Forwarding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/port-forward-access-application-cluster/).
```

With this information, you are now able to do a request to create the first load test.
Let's start by downloading an example JMeter test and POST it to Kangal proxy.

```shell

> $ curl -s -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hellofresh/kangal/master/examples/constant_load.jmx

Reviewer 2: This test will fail for people if they don't have InfluxDB in cluster because this example file was created for our infrastructure and contains influxdbMetricsSender in it. Probably we need to create another example, even simpler than this one.

Author: I removed the InfluxDB part from the test :)

 If you prefer to use Postman you can also import [openapi.json](openapi.json) file into Postman to create a new collection.

### Kangal controller
The general name for several Kubernetes controllers created to manage all the aspects of the performance testing process.
 - LoadTest controller  
 - Backend jobs controller
 

> ## To start using Kangal

Reviewer: I think we should keep this title and put your content under it

Author: This section was literally pointing to `docs/`, I just renamed to `Documentation` and reduced the number of linkings

To run Kangal in your Kubernetes cluster follow [docs](docs/README.md#how-do-i-use-kangal)

Also check out our [User Flow](docs/Kangal-user-flow.md) guide to start creating load tests with Kangal.

More detailed information can be found in [docs folder](docs/)

> ## To start developing Kangal

Reviewer: Why delete this one? It is useful when you want to develop Kangal locally.

Author: Not on the first page, but I definitely should not had removed, I will move somewhere inside `docs/`

Author: done! https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal/pull/31/commits/1c3dca576eeaf0757bcf817ed38846e055791e4f

Now, install the chart using following commands:

```shell
$ helm repo add kangal https://hellofresh.github.io/kangal
$ helm install --set environment=dev kangal kangal/kangal

> ```

Reviewer: That all is already here:
https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal/blob/master/charts/kangal/README.md#installing-the-chart

I am wondering of this duplicates, can we just point directly to this Readme instead?

Author: Pointing makes things harder to find, it's good to have quickstart instructions right on the first page.

Let's start by downloading an example JMeter test and POST it to Kangal proxy.

```shell
$ curl -s -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hellofresh/kangal/master/examples/constant_load.jmx
$ curl \
    -H "Host: kangal-proxy.local" \
    -F "distributedPods=1" \
    -F "testFile=@constant_load.jmx" \
    -F "type=JMeter" \
    -F "overwrite=true" \
    http://localhost:80/load-test
{"type":"JMeter","distributedPods":1,"loadtestName":"loadtest-dunking-hedgehog","phase":"creating","hasEnvVars":false,"hasTestData":false}
```

Your first load test was created successfully, in this example with the name `loadtest-dunking-hedgehog`.

Kangal Controller will automatically create a namespace for your load test and deploy the backend (in this case JMeter), check that by running:

```
$ kubectl get namespaces
NAME                        STATUS   AGE
...
loadtest-dunking-hedgehog   Active   3s
```

And you can check if the Pods started correctly using:

```
$ kubectl get pods --namespace=loadtest-dunking-hedgehog
NAME                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
loadtest-master-f6xpb   1/1     Running   0          18s
loadtest-worker-000     1/1     Running   0          22s

> ```

Reviewer: I think after that we should say also about how to check the status of LoadTest and point to openapi.json schema how to make that kind of requests.

Author: Good point, I will do that

Author: Done!
